I'd my people and I ain't got a lot of
time to shoot today but here's a quick
educational video since I is a bit of a
science man and a lot of the people
watching me is kind of dumb dumb it
skews young people I figured that I put
a bit of an introduction to mind and son
and this video will teach y'all one
particular theory is called
Schrodinger's cat and I'ma teach y'all
how to apply their real axis for the
ninja was a scientist who proposed to
follow an experiment he said that you
could take a cat put it in a box but to
quantum in the box as well close the box
and then when you ain't broken the cat
is both dead and alive at the same time
it's kind of like a zombie cat cuz you
don't know you'd be back just close so
screw the niggas principle is there on a
basic fundamentalist level everything
could be either this or that like for
instance this pen can be a pain but now
that you ain't looking at it you don't
know you don't know what you know what
that is that could be anything that
could be a cat that could be AIDS so
that's an interesting scientific fact
but what does that mean to you will see
I figure that way you're gonna apply
that to real life it's like say your
girl has a pregnancy test and the result
on the test is going to be either
positive or negative but the scientific
approach is that as long as you don't
look at it is neither a shoulder nigga
there's some smart people might say that
if your girl is pregnant you know her
better gonna get off and you're gonna
notice that anyway even if you don't
look at the stick and that is why I
can't do this halfway you don't look at
the girl neither so now I don't know
next time your girl gets a pregnancy
test be cashier with science
same goes from your cheatin on your
girlfriend's if you're cheating on your
girlfriend she ain't even there so
technically you know scientifically she
don't even exist she could be anything
she could be a cat you know unless
you're looking at your girlfriend while
you cheat on your girlfriend your dad
dance someone else I should have thought
of that